Step 4: Implement process(es).
Once the processes have been through testing, the robot is ready for production.
We then publish the automation project, meaning that the workflow we've developed in our RPA software
are archived together with all the other files in the project folder and are ready to be implemented
and executed. To execute the automated processes,
we have several options. Using UiPath
we could either run the robot manually by pushing the execute button in UiPath Studio as we did earlier,
or we could run it from the UiPath Assistant or the UiPath Robot desktop application,
or we could run it directly from UiPath Orchestrator -
if we have Orchestrator available. For most automated processes, it will make sense to schedule them
to run at certain events, which is called a "Queue trigger", for example triggered by a file alteration,
receiving email or because there is a new entry to a database; or to be run at a certain time or a schedule -
called a "Time trigger".
Luckily, options for triggers are integrated in most RPA solutions and will be a part of the robot
design, develop and test phase.
So just to further elaborate a little bit on "Time triggers", let us assume that our robot should execute
the automated process every day at 5:00 p.m., with the exceptions of weekends. To set such a schedule,
we use what is called "cron expressions".
A "cron expression" is a string consisting of six or seven sub-expressions or fields, separated
by whitespace that describes individual details of a schedule to execute some routine.
And there are a lot of websites where you can make "cron expressions" to your automated processes for
free, like cronmaker.com or crontab.guru.
The "cron expression" for having our robot executed every day at 5:00 p.m., with the exception of weekends,
will look like this.  0 0 17 * * 1-5, where the asterisk represent any value.
There you have it!
Check out the websites when you need to schedule your robot and good luck implementing your processes.